Add hooks documentation (#3180)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/overview.md

# Hooks

:::info

Hooks are an Enterprise-only feature.

:::

Hooks are how you extend a Pipelines run with your own tooling. If you have used Terragrunt's before and after hooks, the model will feel familiar: you declare a hook and Pipelines runs your command at a defined point in the run.

This unblocks the kinds of integrations teams reach for most when running infrastructure changes at scale, such as cost estimation, security scanning, policy enforcement, auditing, and notifications.

Hooks are configured in your Pipelines HCL configuration. Each hook declares whether it runs after `plan` and/or `apply`, and the command to execute.

> Pipelines passes each hook context about the run through environment variables (for example the actor, repository, and action) and gives it the plan output to inspect. In turn, a hook can write outputs that Pipelines reflects back in the pull/merge request comment, so its results show up right alongside the plan or apply. See [Hooks API](/2.0/reference/pipelines/hooks-api) for the full contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines passes each hook context about the run through environment variables (for example the actor, repository, and action). *After hooks* additionally receive the run's OpenTofu/Terraform plan. In turn, a hook can write outputs that Pipelines reflects back in the pull/merge request comment, so its results show up alongside the plan or apply summary. See [Hooks API](/2.0/reference/pipelines/hooks-api) for the full contract.
```
